So do we start? Please do yes. Oh my gosh all right. You want to start? Ladies first.
Okay let us start from long time back and from when I was 16 and it was a time where
Shimataji came to Rome Ashram so we were hosting her and she was to the old Nirmala house in
Rome where mother was staying in a special side of the of the ashram and had a beautiful
room with all the windows that were given to the garden and I had the immense blessing
to look after her. I was one of the many that were looking after her but being like little
you know I had this great blessing to make sure that Shimataji had breakfast and tea
and everything. So being these days there I decided this is my moment you know I am
gonna be alone with Shimataji and then I can ask her what is in my heart my greatest desire
which is to be Brahmacharini in my life and you know just to be at the service of the
collective and never get married never have a family because the Sajayogis are my family.
After all I came to Saj when I was 12 and I always lived collectively so for me it was
clear and this was my mission and I said this is a perfect time you know to ask this to
mother. So I arrived I really prepared my my sentence you know to to ask her and I got
I said this is the right moment I'm serving the tea and I look at Shimataji and I just
said ma not even mother but just ma and Shimataji stopped me immediately and she told me I have
to find a nice boy for you. I said no ma not mother and Shimataji immediately in two
seconds there was lots of movement around the room and lots of energy going around and
Shimataji called uncle Guido immediately in the room and I don't know what happened suddenly
my life changing one second and so I didn't know what was happening I felt very confused
and Shimataji was really already talking to uncle Guido about finding a nice boy for me
and I said this is all wrong this is all wrong this is not what I meant mother not at all
and I remember going down the staircase from our room and already all the ashram was down
the stairs and everybody was sort of you know say yoohoo I said cheering say what's happening
exactly I don't understand things didn't go exactly the way I meant and then from there
you know one day while I was having my food sock at the top in the room at the roof of the ashram
Shimataji called and my parents were eating in the dining room all together and there was this phone
call that said that Shimataji had found someone for me to marry and I just remember getting a
very big bang on my head because I stood from my food sock very fast and the roof was very small
so this was the first shock and the second was just to see just to see my parents not getting
any food from their plate because they were missing all the pieces of food they were totally
in some sort of strange cloud and then that came the moment at Guru Puja in Gudmunden
where I met with her for the first time where she announced the engagement I remember and when she
announced the engagement I remember everybody start cheering and doing you know and all that
I could become like red pepper I remember in my face and I was so shy I couldn't actually reach
the place to go near Shimataji's feet and so Shimataji told them off a little bit and said
you shouldn't do like this because they're very young and they're very shy so you know she sort of
quite a little bit the atmosphere until I reached the Shimataji's feet and Vito at the side and I
didn't even look at him and Shimataji asked me if I was happy yes of course I don't know I don't
see him I don't know yes fine it's good you know and this was the first meeting so at this point
I leave you for the other part and then we move on but isn't there a little bit of a pre I mean
just before then which is the performance yeah but this is your part not mine your reaction though
her reaction was shock I think ah when I saw you the first time with your leotard leotard I was
wearing a leotard painted hand painted and I just performed a Blake song some Blake songs for
Shimataji dressed in this kind of costume and I don't know what she thought I didn't look at you
I just went down anyway I've got to sort of rewind a little bit because I think I think my side
happened a little bit earlier I was in the third year of my university degree in drama
American studies and I to be honest had been sort of you know in Sajyoga for about three years
and I'd lived a sort of almost like a monk's life at university and I was getting a bit lonely and
you know the strain of being probably the only student there who didn't have some sort of
romantic attachment and I was sort of you know it was like my final sort of couple of months
before the finals and I had to study and it was all getting much I was on my own and intense and
one morning I was sitting in front of the photograph and had a huge photograph so many
students passed through my room and I asked them to feel the vibrations they felt cool
mostly felt cool and I hardly ever felt cool I don't know why that was unfortunately but
there I was that morning in supplicant for mother's love and vibrations and then I just
opened up my heart to the photograph and spoke out loud and I asked mother please please can I have
a partner in my life can I have a wife can you please find me someone because the alternative
was to find someone who you liked but who wasn't necessarily you know spiritually dedicated or
somebody who who would recognize mother or want to do sahaja yoga and that would have been a
complicated scenario that I wasn't prepared to contemplate and so there I was and I prayed to
mother mother please find me a wife and his fiance or a wife because that was the alter
and those days that was it you know and a sister or wife and and nothing in between and so I asked
her for that and and then I continued studying and actually got fed up with studying sasrara
pooja was coming up my finals were on the monday after the pooja and the pooja wasn't in england
it was in switzerland no what was it so I had to go to the pooch and get back in time for monday
morning to sit my finals everybody thought I'd done a runner they didn't see me for the weekend
and I went to to the pooja and it was in switzerland in alp oh no it was initially
it was alpima but it was kind of in the alps and it was as everybody who went to that pooja
remembers it was like quite difficult to get up there and it was kind of mist and there was this
golden madonna at the top I remember that occasionally if the sky the clouds parted and
you saw it was very auspicious and that happened actually when mother was there and what happened
was basically that night that on the saturday night there was a program an evening program and
there were some attempts at songs those days we were still trying to we were still learning I
think we knew a few bajans like haribol and and other things like that but there wasn't very much
really I remember there was a suddenly an announcement and now there's a dance
and uh and then the music was kind of began it was Federico Marin Cola and he played he was playing
a keyboards and the music was quite and Antonio Seracino as well and then this apparition comes
to the stage and doesn't begin although the music had begun she didn't begin dancing she actually
before she's actually went to Sri Mataji's feet and she bowed down to mother's feet
as that and that was the most important thing that she was doing there that wasn't the dance it was
you felt she was bowing to mother's feet and in that moment I just felt the devotion of an artist's
soul dedicating herself to shemataji I kind of felt oh my gosh oh my goodness she's an artist
she's a dancer oh I wish in my life if I could marry someone like that you know
I felt part in that namaskar I felt kind of this the movement inside myself the wish to do that
so um she started dancing it was totally amazing I was really way the back somewhere and there was
just movement I remember and it was my Kundalini just just just came up very very strongly and it
was like a very powerful spiritual experience um far I mean you know it was like it was really
special and um what happened at the end was was nothing I didn't you know even go up and
congratulate her I was too too too shy I didn't go anywhere near her but um this feeling persisted
that if I if I should marry someone it would be someone who had that depth inside and that
devotion and dedication in that that she had sort of then manifested in her dance I remember I met
her mother I didn't realize it was her mother very nice lady um I remember her adjusting the sari on
a throne with such love and attention I thought oh my god this is this is the motion devotion this
is bhakti I remember I met her father as well I hadn't realized that long time later a scenario
had anyway to cut a long story short um after the puja mother called all the children to her feet
for names and amongst the very very short short girls and boys that went to shimachis there was
a much taller one they pushed me I didn't want to go they just pushed me there it was
purna and by the time she got to her mother did she take your hand no you were there no she asked
you how old you were I don't remember no anyway um I think she did and and then purna swears mother
never said this but I heard she said uh she gave her the name purna and then she said I'll find you
a nice boy no it's not true you just had that there is even the video you just all right
inside okay then it was something that you know maybe whatever that's exactly what I remember
and I felt in that moment oh I hope it's me and I that thought splashed across my mind I immediately
pulled my ears what are you and I just I just couldn't help it I put a bandana on it look I mean
is that how it works I mean I'm being honest this is it you know this is how it was
and that's it that's all I never saw her never talked to her and completely forgot
went back to university did my finals thought I'd failed miserably went to sort of wait you know
for the results in in in the king's cross ashram which I don't know if anybody ever went
to act but but it was dignified by the vibrations that were always there and we could call it an
ashram but otherwise you would call it a squat I think that would have been an ex squat I mean
but it was the ashram because there was the altar there we meditated together we ate together
I don't know what I think there was a gas burner I don't know
and and but what happened next was amazing I was I was there everybody had gone to work
I was a student I had an excuse I was waiting for my results my finals results the phone rang and
that somebody said uh victor uh she matters is leaving at Gatwick airport and um you know we
should go and see her off and I I felt oh gosh I'm in no condition I felt completely sort of
run down I felt like an unironed shirt you know that's how I felt and and and then so I kind of
immediately thought I must find an excuse not to I had no excuse and then I suddenly felt but she's
my mother I can't let my mother leave on her own I have to go and see her off that that in that
frame of mind I was able to gather myself and go and see her off at Gatwick airport looking around
and you could always find where she matched because there's a huge crowd and it was around
Garfunkel's mother was having a refreshment at Garfunkel's while all the yogis were trying
discreetly to be unseen pretending not to be there but I mean it was obvious you know trying to give
mother her space but that we were there mother got up time to go the crowd everybody stood up and
I was I was kind of at the back somewhere in a corner where I actually wanted to be and then
suddenly the crowd sort of moved it's like a hive you know around the queen you know of and then
suddenly mother was in front of me with her back turned and I was in a corner
and I had nowhere to go I pulled my ears with this because I it was a sense of unworthiness
that I felt at the time and then suddenly mother turns towards me beams at me and says
Victor how are you very well thank you do you want to get married
and I said the only thing that I could say was yes of course mother
is please and she said I found a lovely a girl for you she's very beautiful she's a dancer
she lives in Rome Ashram and her name is Monia and I was just overwhelmed
you know in a sort of stupor almost and but then mother said where so she she decided where she
was going she didn't say where is the terminal where I'd incidentally been asked to go off
earlier to find the the the the the gate but something had pulled me and told me don't go
I had to stay there anyway she takes me by the arm she puts like this she takes me by the arm
and I accompany she matters you to the gate and everybody else coming around we were just like a
family a big huge family seeing mother off and she went to the through the um the gate and
she turned around and she waved at all of us and and that was it it was a fairy tale it was
completely a fairy tale uh I promise I when mother said it to me I couldn't picture her because I
hadn't gone anywhere near her I was too shy and and it was really a surprise when we actually
first met in Gemunden it really was the first meeting it was the first time we'd she'd sent me a
present I think before a package full of full of sweeties and a little mouse with a tail and
a heart sewed on the tail oh come on sweet so you don't have to tell these anyway um we met in
Gemunden and I remember to think we were at mother's feet where Purna left off and mother
said to me do you like her and like 800 or a thousand people so you could hear a pin drop
waiting for the answer we barely we barely see yes mother thank you so much
really having fun teasing us having fun and and it was
it was funny that was that was the situation uh late later on um oh later on later on what
happened is then we had to have a meeting to get to know each other so I was supposed to go and see
it in England in London but uh at the moment it was at the time Ashimataji was in the Versiliana
where she had this amazing um program with Romano Battaglia it was a very special period and all the
yogis from Rome were following mother and we were with her and I was supposed to catch this plane
from Pisa and everybody was there and they say to my mom okay just leave your daughter here and come
with us to Volterra because that's where we're going to meet Ashimataji and my mother said you
are all completely mad I'm not going to leave my daughter at 16 first time she takes a plane by
herself in the airport I will wait with her and everybody of course at the time oh you're so
attached that's blah blah blah anyway she stayed there with me finished and we had to wait quite
a long time so we decided to go to Pisa for a walk and there is a main square which is called
Miracle Square in Pisa where there is the tower and we were reaching the arch to the square when
suddenly I see uncle Guido so as usual as I was doing oh uncle Guido and I was running and it and
it tells me Ashimataji is here so oh my gosh Ashimataji is here so Ashimataji comes out of the
car and she looks at us and she wants to know why I'm there what's happening and all this and uncle
Guido tells her that I was supposed to catch a plane to go and see Victor and so she looks at me
she looks at my mom and she said Victor is in my home now and she can't travel by herself so
suddenly another miracle in the middle of middle Miracle Square she changed the ticket of the
person that was supposed to live with her with me and so my mother suddenly started crying of course
because that's what we do in Italy uh we just you know it was just all too much you know her daughter
16 she was going to see the fiancé and the fiancé what as mother's house and I was not
living anymore by myself but I was actually traveling with her mother so everything was just
all too much and crying crying and crying and all that so I went back to the collective and the day
after I traveled with mother and it was just everything was a dream basically I mean it was
a dream not because I was going to see Victor but because I was traveling with Ashimataji
so I was there with my little luggage and my little hat all ready you know to meet him and
I remember uncle Guido say okay now you have to remember to do this and to take this document
and to take this back and you know I was so confused and then Ashimataji told him
don't worry I'm going to look after her it's not the first time I travel
so at that moment you know I had Ashimataji's beauty case in my hand and I was supposed I took
my hat and gave it to my mommy and Ashimataji took my hat and she hold my hat she wanted me to bring
it with me I mean all these delicate details you know it was just unbelievable and there is this
beautiful photo that you see you know that the time you were actually walking from the stairs
walking from the stairs down and then to the plane of Ashimataji holding my hat and me near
mother holding her beauty case you know saying goodbye to all the yogis it was just incredible
and then when we got on the plane Ashimataji kept talking to me about Victor and what a beautiful
person he was and how precious and what a very happy life together we would have and that we
had to be friend with Robert and Natalie because Robert was his best friend so we had to be friend
she was building up all this beautiful life then we were going to have together you know advertising
Victor all the time to me and then and then we arrived in England and of course I was behind her
and I didn't know where to go because I knew then Victor was at his at her house but me no
and and so when we arrived there the car was there was behind and then she called me
say come come inside the car so I just went trotting inside and we arrived in front of
Ashimataji's house and Dalit it was in Dalit and Ashimataji went out of the car and Victor was there
ready with a tray to do aarti and she looked at Victor and she said I have a nice surprise for you
I got out of the car and Victor dropped all the plate with the aarti and Ashimataji started
laughing laughing laughing saying look at this man you know and and and Victor didn't know what to do
with himself I mean I tried lighting the candles it was a mess so Ashimataji told him to give himself
a good bandam and start all over again because it was just not possible otherwise and isn't it
and then and then we went inside the house and then there were two three days that it was like
fairy tale it was fairy tale but I mean she she actually mother was had to actually encourage us
to actually communicate and have any sort of contact because we were really very shy
I remember one of the first things was she said go and watch television together you know and
we went into the tv room and there was a big television and even there was a huge sofa I never
seen such a long sofa in my life and we were at either end I never see I mean it was impossible
looking at the tv occasionally occasionally dancing at each other and it really didn't know what to say
in the end what happened and then oh there were some magical moments like waking up in the morning
and bringing mother her tea in her room and being able to sit before her and even sing her song you
know and I mean there were some amazing things and one day she actually said to us in the afternoon
I remember she said why don't you go out into the garden there's a swing and and we went to this
swing and it was kind of rusty you know and sort of yes but she matter she was looking from the
window she was looking from the window we realized so and she she looked at us like so what are you
gonna do it's like she sat on the swing and I it was it made a sound that the rusty the rusty
thing you made us out it was it was quaint and almost sort of victorian and and and and sweet
and lovely I remember then mother another day said I'm going shopping and you you can go out
for a walk in the park and you can also hold hands
but also she wanted to know if my parents were happy she would make sure that my parents were
happy about it that they would know that I was okay you know and I know that and then
the ring at a certain point when I then moved to antonio shallows house and
and and then she matched you said have you bought a ring I said well actually
I've got a ring for her and now I haven't shimata g and she said well you must get her a ring and
you know so should I tell the whole so you got me a ring I got I got you I got you there's a
love there's a lovely side to it which she actually told me not to tell anyone so you don't
but I I won't so you got me a beautiful ring that she wanted to see in the day of direction band I
remember she made she wanted to make sure that you know I would show the ring and there is a
beautiful photo which we haven't got no no I have I have got it where she actually sees the ring
he was like a ring with four rubies in form of petals and so that was like really the mooladhara
and in the middle there was a little um uh brilliant how you call it um um
brilliant is is like a well it's a diamond well no no it wasn't a diamond it wasn't
it was it it it looked well but it shone brightly no but she was saying that it was like uh the the
the color of the heart but the four petals or the mooladhara so it was she she really liked it but
I mean it was it was it was really quite magical because um it was like I mean
I mean for me I'd been I'd been disowned by my family by my own mum and she Mataji was saying
well maybe you can take her to me home with you and and I kind of I didn't want to open that
subject with I didn't want to uh she said I mean she Mataji immediately she kind of under
she knows everything so she immediately said that I could stay with the because she thought I
maybe she could have been a guest at my place but that would have been um so I mean there was there
was that that all that all that but I mean most of everything of anything is just this constant
care for the details and for the human side of things that was always so full of love so full
of attention for everything and also the care today motion that emotions they should have been
there in some ways you know and connect so that we should get to know each other yes I think that
was the the main thing that we got the impression from was to actually and go out enjoy ourselves
go out to the relationship and see London together there are so many things to do mother was really
encouraging us uh to to have there was that period of getting to know each other she even
she even wanted us to go and do the katak classes together this was another very interesting thing
with
everything and then and then we got married and then and then what happened is when I went back
to Italy I went on and did various things I don't know what our work yeah I did I did some work
I worked from time to time in in theatre and and then um mother one day two years later
uh said to me are you ready to get married now and I said yes mother the real question which I didn't
even didn't cross my mind at the time was you know what it implied was do you have a job do you have
an income can you look after all of these things hadn't occurred to me so I just said yes of course
like I meant am I I thought she was saying are you prepared to go ahead with it I said yes of course
because I we nothing was set at all nothing was happening I didn't have a any sort of there
wasn't there wasn't really the there weren't the conditions for for for that you know in fact um
that it was a beautiful life but it was said it was quite it's quite it's quite interesting
in those days you just got married and then got your act together and and and and you know
became more more serious and I think that that was it it was just very very beautiful
and magical and mother's maternal care and love and attention that you know you can you wonder
how that could even be possible and then you hear all the your stories and everybody's stories and
thousands of stories you wonder how can that have happened in one single lifetime mother touched so
many lives and looked after sorted so many people out you know had time without ever making anybody
feel that she was in a rush there was her the attention was entirely on you at that given moment
it's not like the sort of I mean you know it's just divine and unbelievable and the blessing
that you then have to try and live up to because it's not like you deserve it it's an opportunity
for growth and development and you just have to embrace it and and and count your blessings and
I'm grateful we're here that's the story. Victor I just want to suggest can you maybe post the
picture in the whatsapp group? I mean yeah I mean not now you're about to go out but yeah we have
I mean not now you're about to go out but yeah we have it because John Wilkinson sent it to us
I will I mean thank you we've been rambling I've been rambling a little bit but thank you for being
said that's beautiful beautiful story can you believe we don't have one photo of our marriage
is somebody asked somewhere and the ring got lost of the 1988. No we also don't have from that marriage
oh really dada but you know I wanted to thank you because the same thing mother did for you guys
when Manfred and I got married and didn't know each other at all you and you and Purna you both
took us for those few days in Rome and took us around and you were like a parent somehow yes
I remember that there were some beautiful days yeah but you took care of us like it was mother
taking care of us that's what it was like the care and you also made us hold hands and do things
but there you go there you go I mean we were passing we were passing the the message
there's also a video of the whole marriage we have it oh a video yes
it's very long like six hours no way
it's very dark oh wow wow it's better than nothing okay I found the picture and I'm posting it now
for tonight seven seven seven seven times can you can you mute yourself
four four four three three dollars
done it I've done it uh okay Caroline is in the whatsapp group the photo of the moment when
mother sees the ring wonderful okay guys you have to go and and I want to tell my story
oh we'll watch the recording yes we want to we don't want to hear your story in the recording
and we'll try and join this group more and I really am so happy to see everybody it's
I mean I mean my brothers and sisters that you know we've we know and love so much
thank you and thank you John for the meditation yes beautiful thank you so much
so much so my story um goes through a little bit of uh difficulties first
before um before it ends happily it ends happily so then all the difficulties I think had to be
there uh interestingly uh at the very beginning it started with when Chris came to Sagioga and
he got his realization of Shimachi and he'd been seeking already for a little bit and he'd already
decided that uh that being sort of having anything to do with the opposite sex was something that was
going to bring you down similar to what uh Pawna was saying but um he felt that he had to renounce
women in order to um ascend properly and when he got his realization from Shimachi she put her
her foot on his left nabi and she said to him are you married and he said oh oh no mother
and she said well we'll have to do something about that um and she married him to his first wife uh
which was Thelma so sort of our joint story starts well before I met him it starts when Thelma decided
or decided that she couldn't remain married to him and um and asked him to tell Shimachi about this
so uh Chris went to Shimachi and she said well oh well I'll have to marry you to somebody else she
said so I wonder who I'm married to you you two next I wonder if that'll be maybe an English woman
or maybe an Italian and Chris said well actually Shimachi I would like to marry an Indian
so uh I went on uh I came to Sagioga in September 1988 and I was very relieved to find that there
were such things as arranged marriages because I'd been absolutely hopeless at trying to find
a partner for myself so when Javier told me that um that it would all be sorted for me I was
delighted and I went on uh India tour in 1989 there was a I was able to do the full tour that
year because it started 15th of December went through the 15th of January and um although I
didn't know Chris was also there uh getting engaged to the Indian that he'd asked for
and I got engaged quite early in the tour to a um banker um an Indian banker who had then
had to then go back to work but was going to come back for the marriages
so I was like I was quite content I'd been I was engaged I was settled uh and I was enjoying the
rest of the tour so I was quite surprised when we had some more engagements uh later on in the tour
some later ones uh to that my name uh was being called I couldn't understand this at all because
I was engaged um and but nothing sort of came out of that partly because Javier was telling
me to sit down every time there the organizers asked me to stand up and um I was lying uh on the
grass afterwards and Yogi Mahajan came up to me and said that he'd had a letter from the banker
in which the banker had said that um he could very easily be surrendered to a tall blonde woman
but he couldn't be surrendered with me um so so I discovered that I hadn't actually been engaged
for quite some time um but anyway like two or three days before the actual weddings
I was at the side of the stage one night and Yogi Mahajan introduced me to um
a tall Yogi from Delhi and said you know this would be a good match so we went and we took
Darshan at Srimash's feet and she was very happy with the with the engagement so then we got
married three days later and I stayed on after the tour to visit his family and I could already see
that it was it it wasn't going to be an easy um thing to work out um but you know I'd uh
surrendered my to Srimashi that she'd choose my husband for me so
I went back to Italy from India and uh and I started arranging with him that I should go out
again to India in late March and um yes I arrived there to find out that he'd been trying to tell me
not to come he'd been trying desperately to phone and tell me not to come um but every time he tried
to phone from the Indian uh phone boxes he could never get through so I knew I had to be there and
um the very beautiful thing about it was that Srimashi was doing a small tour of
uh northern India at the time I'd arrived in Delhi and um so I saw her quite a few programs and one
beautiful puja in Delhi but also I was invited into her room shortly after I arrived so that she
could talk to me about my marriage and she was talking to me about me maybe getting an extended
visa and staying on in India and um well that was just beautiful beautiful to have the opportunity
to talk to Srimashi and at the puja in Delhi also I suddenly had a revelation of what I was meant to
learn from this marriage I suddenly had a strong feeling of of um of the Lakshmi tatva which was
just amazing um so on the one hand the marriage the the relationship with uh with Rajee was was
getting more and more complicated um I found out that he practiced uh TM before sajoga for about
six years and clearly it was becoming more and more difficult for him and in fact he started
um showing signs of madness and the Delhi collective all said that that was my fault
that he'd been fine before he got married and clearly it was me that was uh sending him off
center and everything anyway I went back to Italy and he had a very very uh difficult mother she was
I think she was a bit of a rakshasa so I really um put everything I could into persuading him to come
to Italy because I felt that the best thing to do would be to get him away from his mother as
for a start and he did come he came in about the July and it only occurred to me today when I was
writing a few notes about this that the reason why he came was because she was just about to come
because at this point the point the poor man was really at the end of his own resources and he was
really just following shemash around
um at the time that I came back from uh India in April so Chris had married an Indian girl
in the same weddings and she'd been uh given a job with uh one of Shamash's daughters I think
Kalpana in her household working in her household and in about the April she was uh caught stealing
from the daughter so she was immediately sent out to Sajyoga and the marriage was annulled
and she started um sort of um proposing all these matches for Chris uh so every now and then he'd
suddenly sort of find himself in an engagement with with somebody else um Rajeev came to Italy
Shamash arrived shortly afterwards and she said that we should live separately so Rajeev was
living in my flat and I was sleeping on the um it's a shame Victor's not still here because it
was the ashram in Milan I was sleeping on the dining room floor because they didn't actually
have any other room for me um and uh yeah she actually went from Milan to the eastern europe
eastern europe and Rajeev followed her there without saying where he was going he just went
so I didn't know what he where he was um but our Ganesh suggested that we ring uh Shamash
and see if he'd had gone there and in fact um it was confirmed that he had and this was on a
Thursday and Shamash she um passed word back to me through our marriage was also annulled so I
was no longer married to him on the Friday he came back to Milan um this is this is really the lowest
point after that it'll start coming back up again I promise uh he came back to Milan and he packed
his bags and he went to India because she was about to go to India and on the Monday I was at
work our Ganesh rang me and said that I should go around to her house in the evening and I went
around and she said she said it's the hardest thing she's ever had to say to anybody she said
your husband's dead but don't worry because she's engaged due to somebody else
um he'd Rajeev even arrived in Delhi uh Shamash he he knew that Shamash was going to Mumbai to to
visit her family so it was private and he said that he was going to go down and and try and see
her there in the delhi collective trying to persuade him not to but he caught the train and
at some point on the journey he fell off the train and I think I I had the opportunity to talk to
I think I I had the opportunity to talk to Shamash about it afterwards and um and I asked if he was
taking a rebirth and she said yes and I really think the poor man had just reached the end of
what he could what he could manage in this life I think that the marriage had kind of it was sort of
make or break for him and unfortunately it broke rather than making and hopefully he's back around
now living a different life so anyway I went to the um I went down to rome ashram um just to spend
some time you recovering and I was there for a week and on the saturday of the my fan or the
sate of the the weekend there was a the usual collective meditation in rome ashram and Guido
put on a video that was filmed when Shamash had been had visited the ashram after a samsarapuja
and they'd had bhajans and so there was film also of the everybody the collective singing the
bhajans to Shamash and a certain point in front of everybody Guido um froze the video and pointed
and said that's uh Chris Caroline that's the man you're engaged to
and um the really strange thing for me like Chris was the pujari he was pujari at all the
European pujas and I had no memory whatsoever of ever having seen him and we were both on
India tour together year the the year before no memory at all of having seen him at all it was
really it was kind of a little trick of pram chaitanya it's really very strange and then
so I went to Krishna puja in the August and um I arrived there and I met somebody I knew because
I was part of the Italian collective I wasn't part of the English collective and I met somebody I
knew from the English collective a yogini and I said oh I said you know do you know this uh
Chris Patmore I said I'm engaged to him and she said oh no that's impossible he's engaged to a
Russian
and in fact he'd already started having Russian lessons
and another kind of trick the pram chaitanya Shamash's car arrived on the Friday evening
and I realized that I was standing next to Chris literally next to him but he didn't know about the
engagement so I couldn't say anything to him but I just thought it was so strange that all out all
those people by shumash's car who were standing next to each other and then I was called shumash's
rooms and she asked me uh if it was okay for the if the engagement was okay with me if I was okay
with it she said she wouldn't uh talk to Chris about until I said whether I was okay so I of
course I said it was and that was where I was able to have a conversation also about the the first
husband in a baton um taking rebirth I was in her rooms for quite a while
and during that time uh we had to talk about what was going to happen and she said well maybe Chris
could go to Italy and then she said well no we've had quite a lot of English people gone to Italy
it's about time somebody came back which was dreadful news for me because I didn't like
England at all so in fact the next morning I found myself sitting in a field um in south
the south of England which I think it was the pooja was uh in the pouring rain because I I
couldn't let anybody hear me crying in the tent crying my eyes out of the prospect of having come
to come back to the UK um and we had uh that day we had a haven a thousand name haven
and then the evening program and then the morning of the uh pooja finally uh Chris was called to
show actually in order to discuss discuss the stage decorations um so with that excuse she got
him into her room and then she said uh and by the way I'm engaging you to this um Italian English
Italian English girl which if you recall is what she'd said at the beginning
and so my first official meeting with him was uh as I was going to the showers to clean my teeth
how he called me over and said so this is Chris and uh I was I felt I was completely completely
um awkward about the whole thing and all I can remember was that I kept picking up my toothpaste
and putting it in my pocket and it kept falling out onto the floor and it took me like three or
four times before I realized there was a huge hole in my pocket and it just wasn't going to stay in
there and then we had the pooja in the evening it was a Krishna pooja so it was an evening uh pooja
and at the very end of the pooja Shumashi um got us both to stand up and she announced our
engagement to the collective um and in fact that year there were uh three couples that were engaged
at uh at pooja so I Chris and I were engaged at Krishna um there was um an Italian boy and
a French girl who engaged at Navaratri and then Danya and Enzo were engaged at Diwali
um so I went back to Italy and Chris stayed in the UK obviously and then suddenly I found my job
uh more and more often bringing me to the UK so I was getting my train my flights to visit Chris
during our engagement paid for by the company which was that was an American in itself and
then we had the additional miracle one time of um I found we were on the same flight as Shumashi
coming back to Italy and I had business class tickets from my company and Chris was in economy
um and I was sitting in the row in front of Shumashi and the cabin staff said that Chris
could come and sit with us but he wouldn't be able to have any food because he didn't have a
business class ticket so Shumashi fed him her food which is very nice
and uh so we saw each other a few times he came over to Italy and I have to say that then I just
started developing the fear that um that there would be another trick when I got to India and
I'd find that Shumashi gone I well no that that was just a tryout you're going to be married to
somebody else so I was quite relieved when I finally arrived in India halfway through the tour
and Chris's first words were to me were we're still engaged
uh and I think that's it we got married in uh in India in 1990 oh no so essentially Chris and I
got married twice in the same year because the the weddings at the end in 89 had been at the
beginning of 1990 and the weddings our year at the end of 1990 and Jyogi Mahajan said that we
didn't need to pay the marriage money because it was what we paid the year before was still good
and I think that is yeah that's the story of our marriage
so um Meera you wanted to say something actually it's very difficult to say something I am really
speechless um because this is to me another miracle um I am collecting for the IMC since
maybe one year testimonies and also we had this beautiful evening out of all these videos and
talks and photos we got already and then and the idea comes up we would like to create
not sure yet what definitely probably a book or a video or both on the occasion of Shri Mataji's
humble birthday so we have a little bit more than one year one and a half year and I am just getting
now everything I just pulling to me it's just like because I I took with my phone the talks
um I am just amazed how how Shri Mataji is arranging things without thinking about because
I am trying to reach people directly not much happening and then I'm just sitting here and
it just roll in front of me so it's very very nice I'm very thankful and I got also my story at the
end so it's it's just amazing amazing and you were talking I was just thinking yeah how in how Shri
Mataji is there in her in her I don't know all I'm formless we call it but you could really feel her
when she she is with us there especially by the teamwork we have and it's just amazing it just
I don't know there are no words so I'm very very thankful to all of you and I am still waiting for
many many others and yeah it's nice this is the request what I would like to give again that if
you know someone or you you are talking together or you meeting together please just take your phone
and ask the person know how it was tell us and then then like this we get many many stories
together so beautiful one one more beautiful than the other so yes I also wanted to just say while
I was listening to porn and victor's talk because they you know Varna said she went to stay with
um Antonio and and Katarina while they were during their engagements so did I during our engagement
every time I came to the UK I went and stayed with Antonio and Katarina yes it's so funny it's it's
amazing I mean the whole whole I mean this 40 more than 40 years when you look from the beginning and
what happened the poachers the tours and then the weddings how important it was for Shimatuchi
to be married in such a yoga and yeah it's it's it's absolute amazing and we can collect
for for the future generation all these beautiful stories and memories and photos and whatever we
have that would be so great you know like with the cabela book also and I just started small small
small and then everything just comes together come together and yeah I think this project is just the
same well we have a few I have a few photos from our marriage but I can definitely so please I will
put on the on our whatsapp the email again and then I'm waiting and who is the next
well Herbert and Herbert sadly couldn't make it today so he's definitely talking and Angela are
definitely telling their story next month and I don't know if anybody else has wants to tell their
story it would be lovely wouldn't it Nira to have more stories especially in view of this project
I suppose I can tell my story yes not you fool I don't know really what to say
because certain things I cannot say because they were not quite you did already know I remember
something but the thing is they were very funny things in my story but I wish my husband would be
with me but he he says he doesn't do zoom too often well okay so I must say Caroline you are
so detached I don't know what I would have done you know I it was enough for me to be to be
engaged and married once I did I did cry a lot during the first match
I know but still you you are amazing I must say you know I'm just admire you
well I've been very very lucky with Chris very lucky
well it's almost nine o'clock so I think um though yes the other thing that so just